this confectionery Factory is one of the
first-rate Ukrainian confectionery
products producers it started its
activity in 1998 is a cocoa product
supplier to the other confectionery
factories of the Ukraine but in as
little as three years the first sweets
hollow chocolate figurines have been
made a few years later the additional
workshops allowing them to produce a
wide assortment of the confectionery
products were built today the factory
has four confectionary workshops
situated in the Donetsk region in the
Ukrainian market this company is one of
the leading chocolate sweets producers
of the eastern region the company was
among the first to start the jelly
chewing sweets production and as of
today particularly this type of sweet
brings up to 20% of the company's budget
revenue the products of the factory
gained the consumers acceptance in
Ukraine and Russia the process control
system of the company is certified to
meet international specification
requirements ISO 9001:2000 in 20 mm 2005
conformance to the named standards is
the monitor and control of quality and
risks at each production cycle from the
primary production to the released
products disposal the company's product
portfolio includes sweeties for various
events as a present to the family table
or for personal delight the company's
production is notable for an excellent
quality in for the fantastic flavor
profile has a peculiar design
distinctive package its own style
outlined against the competitive
products the field currently experiences
growth in a view of the fact that
Ukrainian companies get an ample
opportunity to enter the European market
after rating its strengths the company
is now enlarging its product capacity in
this building additional workshops with
state of the art equipment ready for
product expansion